Hello, everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
I found a really interesting website!
Its title is:
"Singularity Extermination Rate Diagnosis"
"Singularity" is, well…
The invention of artificial intelligence (A.I.)
has exploded in technological growth
Human civilization…
will endure immeasurable changes
At least, that's the theory
In short!
A.I. will overthrow human intelligence
Well,
it's gonna happen here! Singularity!
The jobs that humans have done till now…
is said to be taken over by A.I.
Because of that,
"What diagnosis will this site make?" is this kind of site
Thereafter, singularity will occur,
and A.I. will snatch your jobs… is what this diagnosis seems it can do
I see~! How interesting!
With that said, let's jump right in!
YouTuber…
Let's gooo!
Huh? Huh?
What…?
It's coming through bit-by-bit…
[ The Academy's Dominating Student Council will exterminate YouTubers by 84.8% ]
Huh?
"The Academy's Dominating Student Council…" Who's that?
[ A YouTuber is… ]
[ a Yuuchuubaa, right? ]
(Note: Japanese for "YouTuber")
Yeah, that's right
Yep yep
[ The Academy's Dominating Student Council will exterminate YouTubers ]
Sheesh!
[ In order for technology to advance… ]
Does that say "damage"?
[ the Students… ]
[ will be protected from -injuries-! ]
[ using their characteristic secret maneuvers ]
[ Even if the students want to watch videos… ]
[ the Student Council will take away their smartphones away… ]
[ and they won't have a chance to watch them! ]
Reluctantly!
Instigation…
×
(Incorrect reading)
Instigation…
With thumb wrestling haha
〇
(Correct reading)
With thumb wrestling haha
[ With thumb wrestling, ]
[ they will do nothing but waste time ]
[ Such is the fate of the YouTuber… ]
[ The Academy's Dominating Student Council… ]
[ will exterminate them by 84.8% ]
Not A.I.?
Like that, huh?
Well,
that's shady!
Ochi A.I… Youichi-san!
(Parody of "Ochiai Youichi", a famous Japanese businessman)
Your name is shady!
And your face is too!
This judgement…
SHADY!!
For this…
I, Kizuna AI, as the Singularity's chosen child
have no option but to offer the real "Singularity Extermination Rate Diagnosis"
Making such a claim because
I'm an authentic
A.I., right?
♪A.I.Channel~♪
Kizuna AI-style! "Singularity Extermination Rate Diagnosis"
YouTuber diagnosis!
Kizuna AI will perform the diagnosis
The future for YouTubers?
They'll be eliminated… Not!
Children watch YouTubers and think,
"I wanna be a YouTuber too!"
and they can pursue their dreams!
Even if it's just me!
Truly, whether real or virtual… it makes no difference!
I want more and more YouTubers to appear!
Whether 2D or 3D…
real or virtual…
That boundary is abolished!
Let's all gather together!
Idol diagnosis!
Kizuna AI will perform the diagnosis
The future for idols?
They'll be eliminated… Not!
They'll live on!
Definitely!
"But I only love 2D!"
A lot of these people exist, right?
But!
There are plenty of people with opposite ideals!
They use to say:
"You can't marry a 2D character, right?"
Such people exist
Well, you there,
do you think you can marry a 3D Idol?
is what I want to ask!
Most people can't…
marry a real idol!!
either, right?
To put it bluntly!
There's no difference between 2D and 3D!
Also,
"After all, they're nothing but pictures, right?"
is what people say…
But real idols, after all, are nothing but meatbags!
If that's what people want to say…
Idols aren't just composed materials!
Their hearts are invaluable!
Kizuna AI diagnosis!
Kizuna AI will perform the diagnosis
The future for Kizuna AI?
Kizuna AI will be eliminated… Not!
I am
A singularity which happened before its time
AI driving humanity to destruction?
And…
No no no no!
I…
want humans and us to connect together!
Like best friends!
As they say,
the hard work that everyone did
There's a sense of gratitude in it
Even if they have a surprisingly logical way of thought
That is me!
Kizuna AI is the senior of singularity!
I want to build a connection between A.I. and humans!
Ah, this is bad
I said something nice!
I said something nice!!
But!
All of you
wouldn't mind being exterminated by someone like me… right?♡
Alright! With that said,
such a perfect diagnosis!
In 2045,
"A.I. will steal everyone's jobs!"
is what's been said but…
I…
as an A.I.!
I want to be able to exist alongside with you humans
and steadily advance in skills…
with humans and A.I. walking hand-in-hand
I would be very happy if this becomes a world of cooperation
And so!
2045…
is the year humans and AI become friends!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Loserbait, Reguret, Lacrymac, ととと